assignment 2:
1. 
Intellectual property rights are the legal rights that cover the privileges given to individuals who are the owners and inventors of a work, and have created something with their intellectual creativity. Individuals related to areas such as literature, music, invention, etc., can be granted such rights, which can then be used in the business practices by them.

The creator/inventor gets exclusive rights against any misuse or use of work without his/her prior information. However, the rights are granted for a limited period of time to maintain equilibrium.

The following list of activities which are covered by the intellectual property rights are laid down by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) -

Industrial designs
Scientific discoveries
Protection against unfair competition
Literary, artistic, and scientific works
Inventions in all fields of human endeavor
Performances of performing artists, phonograms, and broadcasts
Trademarks, service marks, commercial names, and designations

Intellectual Property Rights can be further classified into the following categories -

Copyright
Patent
Patent
Trade Secrets, etc

--------------
2. 
A computer security audit is a manual or systematic measurable technical assessment of a system or application. Manual assessments include interviewing staff, performing security vulnerability scans, reviewing application and operating system access controls, and analyzing physical access to the systems. Automated assessments, or CAAT's, include system generated audit reports or using software to monitor and report changes to files and settings on a system. Systems can include personal computers, servers, mainframes, necation.

------------------
3. 
The SSE-CMM describes the essential characteristics of an organization's security engineering process that must exist to ensure good security engineering. It is developed based on the premise that if you can guarantee the quality of the processes that are used by the organization, then you can guarantee the quality of the products and services generated by the processes.

The model is intended to be used as a:

Tool for engineering organizations to evaluate security engineering practices and define improvements to them.
Standard mechanism for customers to evaluate a provider's security engineering capability.
Basis for security engineering evaluation organization (e.g., system certifiers and product evaluators) to establish organization capability-based confidences (as an ingredient to system or project security assurance).
The SSE-CMM addresses security engineering activities that span the entire trusted product or secure system life cycle, including concept definition, requirements analysis, design, development, integration, installation, operations, maintenance, and decommissioning.

The SSE-CMM applies to secure product developers, secure system developers and integrators, and organizations that provide security services and security engineering.

The SSE-CMM applies to all types and sizes of security engineering organizations, such a commercial, government, and academic.
----
COBIT (Control Objectives for Information and Related Technologies) is a good-practice framework created by international professional association ISACA for information technology (IT) management and IT governance. COBIT provides an implementable "set of controls over information technology and organizes them around a logical framework of IT-related."
\





----------------------
4.
Software security assurance is a process that helps design and implement software that protects the data and resources contained in and controlled by that software. Software is itself a resource and thus must be afforded appropriate security.

Since the number of threats specifically targeting software is increasing, the security of our software that we produce or procure must be assured. "Dependence on information technology makes software assurance a key element of business continuity, national security, and homeland security.
Software Security Assurance (SSA) is the process of ensuring that software is designed to operate at a level of security that is consistent with the potential harm that could result from the loss, inaccuracy, alteration, unavailability, or misuse of the data and resources that it uses, controls, and protects.

The software security assurance process begins by identifying and categorizing the information that is to be contained in, or used by, the software. The information should be categorized according to its sensitivity. For example, in the lowest category, the impact of a security violation is minimal (i.e. the impact on the software owner's mission, functions, or reputation is negligible). For a top category, however, the impact may pose a threat to human life; may have an irreparable impact on software owner's missions, functions, image, or reputation; or may result in the loss of significant assets or resources.

------------------
---------------------




assgn 1:
